do not
good
in the activity that he did in the
mountain is rather passion is sport and
it is a necessity of the incident
Well, I need to connect with myself and
what's happening is the best place
let's say that almost every day I go out
to run but not as a workout
as an obligation but that is inside
of is integrated into my daily life not
I live loads as the challenges
personal as things as something that I
I have to take care of myself
for me the mountain means a place
where can I enjoy if we have to
look at time
I like it more obvious
do not
and the mountain for me means such
expression means art means
overcoming the effort a pósito this
reward
well when you try to do the best
possible
passion is passion and very closely linked to
of your work I do not consider it because I do not
I know it would be too forced if it were a
work not but very close to sport
with its love adventure component
even when he loves you
the mountain for me is life is emotion a
perfect scenario to develop the
different personal abilities
more interesting things I could
to learn on the mountain is that life
is in what we do not know that is
very interesting to abandon safety and
the comfort of what we know and
face challenges where
does not face difficulties to
commitment and difficult situations
it's in those kinds of situations when one
comes to improve to revolutionize and give what
best of himself